Explore: simplify support for multiple query editors (#48701)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/add-support-for-explore-queries.md

With Explore, users can make ad-hoc queries without the use of a dashboard. This is useful when users want to troubleshoot or to learn more about the data.

> Your data source already supports Explore by default, and will use the existing query editor for the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data source supports Explore by default and uses the existing query editor for the data source.

```

## Add an Explore-specific query editor

> If you want to offer extended Explore functionality for your data source, you can define an Explore-specific query editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to extend Explore functionality for your data source, you can define an Explore-specific query editor.
```

   import { DataSource } from './DataSource';
   import { MyQuery, MyDataSourceOptions } from './types';

   type Props = QueryEditorProps<DataSource, MyQuery, MyDataSourceOptions>;

   export default (props: Props) => {
     return <h2>My Explore-specific query editor</h2>;
   };
   ```

> 1. Modify your base query editor in `QueryEditor.tsx` to render the Explore-specific one when using Explore. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify your base query editor in `QueryEditor.tsx` to render the Explore-specific query editor. For example:
```
